so from the top this is your pulley to
drive pulley input pulley this is your
vent cap your filler cap or drain cap if
you're going to attempt to change the
flick we're going to get some snap ring
pliers with a very fine tip mine weren't
fine enough so I ground them down a
little bit on the bench grinder so that
they fit in the snap ring so if you go
on a 45 degree angle to it put one of
them in open it till it gets close and
then just kind of wiggle it in and
double wide 6 when he did his he bent
the pin and so he recommends that you
roll it off a little bit like that I
ordered another pin just because he did
so anyway you pull off the pulley pull
off the fan once you've got that off
you've got this little clip if you're
going to be replacing the seals if yours
has a lot more hours if it's been
through more heat then you want to do
that this is the same as in my l1 10
even though it's at l1 18 like I want to
eat teens a lot bigger engine but it's
the same transmission so you can run
into trouble that way it's definitely
the weak link so again this thing is put
in the forward position that would be
release that would be forward this is a
gas pedal forward and backward and then
this is your brake pedal you know just
like the brakes on the left side the gas
on the right side that's how all this is
oriented this goes to your pump and then
the other ones your motor I'll show you
that in a minute it's oriented this way
in it so what we do is we've drained the
fluid by removing this cap and then we
pulled the magnet out this magnet just
sits in there there's a little opening
in here where the oil can go either way
it can either go into the differential
if it goes this way or it goes into the
hydraulic pump and motor assembly if it
goes the other way now people complain
about having to pull the transmission
they spend all these hundreds of dollars
into a heavier duty unit but in reality
to drain this thing it really isn't that
bad throw it on a couple of jack stands
took me 10 minutes to pull it out of the
tractor it's not a big deal I mean it'd
be nice if there was a drain plug you'd
be easier to not have to pull it but
it's really not that hard or
time-consuming already been gone through
I'm just doing this for your benefit
you're welcome there's a little hard to
see in some of the videos that wasn't
real clear so that's why I'm doing a
video the other videos were sufficient
enough for me but I had to watch them
several times and do some teardown and
go back and watch them so that's why I'm
doing it is just kind of help people
we've got a clear work area you want to
get a clean paper towel or a piece of
plastic or something to put your
hydraulic block on it's just kind of out
of the way hydraulic blocks simple
enough if you don't tip it or dump it
remember that little pin that you gets
lost for the engage disengage all that
kind of stuff is a little sensitive so
here we go we got a 12 millimeter socket
we're going to pull off the back cover
here I've got a magnetic pickup tool
handy I can fish stuff if I need to you
go through is loosen all the bolts
you should go or when you tighten it
down you want to do the inside ones
first and then work your way out working
an opposite pattern then you go to off
you can do the same thing go around and
loosen all the rim first and then
centers coming off doesn't matter as
much because you just glued on so hard
it doesn't matter anyway but when you're
working with a magnesium or aluminum
case and you want to kind of go easy on
that thing these also need to be
loosened all of the bolts around the
perimeter are going to be the same and
then these two are the same we've got
the same stick out on them so just group
them appropriately just go around and
pull all the bolts out then take a short
pry bar you'll notice you've got these
little fins all the way around you got
one here here here here here here
here you got them all over the place
this is a substantial heavy-duty
reinforced one and this is also so I'd
like to start it here so just pry it up
one side and get it to burp you're just
going to be a lot harder to get it to go
at first than this and then work it
through to here and then go around to
these ones and then once you've got them
all popped then you can pull the cover
or the pan off like this as you pull the
pan off you see mines all chewed up
right here from where my gears were just
a huge mess this was put together wrong
and it exacerbated the problem as other
people looked at his classified and
drove it so it was really really
knackered I mean it was bad it was
totally for shizzle so this is where
your filter sits there's a little rubber
seal that's firmly attached to both
sides it's glued in so it might fall
apart on your old one just take that out
you'll have a gasket maker all the way
around here that you'll want to wire
brush and clean up now right off the
gate there's some things that you want
to pull out and set aside to keep them
clean and nice so you take your magnetic
pickup tool make sure that there's no
magnetic debris or ferrous material it's
stuck to it wipe it off you know pull
out this block here that's on the end
and set it in your clean tray and then
you've got your brake pads here remember
that brake lever that I showed you okay
remember this little lever for your
brakes can you see that that's moving
right here so that moves and it shoves
this brake pad against this this can
slide back and forth it's like your
caliper bracket on a car so when you
turn that it binds this brake pad
against this other one so we're going to
pull our brake pads out and we're going
to set those aside you can see the wear
mark is an easy way to remember how to
do it
the little L just goes like that so
we'll set that in our dish pull this one
out again it's got a wear mark really
easy to tell a really low our tractor
for this to fail just really a head
scratcher remember there was the magnet
and the cap that we did earlier I set
them over here we've got another magnet
that is in this slot
my magnets were missing completely the
guy that tore it down lost them so what
I did is I went to Lowe's and bought
some new magnets and it's a little too
thick so it's not awesome but that's the
best I could do with what I had the
package for that is this it was on the
nut and bolt awhile aisle and let's get
a product number 54 to double O to order
a new one from torque draw if you need
it I just wanted to get this done right
away so I went to Lowe's and I bought a
set of magnets
you